README.md, before:

# Dotfiles

This repo contains my config files for git, vim and bash, which I continue to built up over the years.

## Installation

    git clone http://github.com/jawrainey/dotfiles.git ~/dotfiles
    cd ~/dotfiles && ./install.sh

## Vim plugins

I use [vundle](https://github.com/gmarik/vundle) to easily manage and keep my vim plugins up-to-date.
I try to keep my settings and use of plugins minimal. The ones that I use are:

- [YouCompleteMe](https://github.com/Valloric/YouCompleteMe/): code-completion as you type.
- [Syntastic](https://github.com/scrooloose/syntastic): syntax checker.
- [ctrlp](http://kien.github.com/ctrlp.vim/): easily find files anywhere!
- [vim-fugitive](https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive): git integration within vim.
- [vim-bufferline](https://github.com/bling/vim-bufferline): shows buffers on statusline.
- [vim-airplane](https://github.com/bling/vim-airline): more info on the statusline.
- [vim-virtualenv](https://github.com/jmcantrell/vim-virtualenv): better virtualenv support than `python-mode`.
- [python-mode](https://github.com/klen/python-mode): makes Python development a breeze.
- [vim-json](https://github.com/elzr/vim-json): better `JSON` highlighting and folding.
- [Solarized color-scheme](https://github.com/altercation/vim-colors-solarized): always the dark theme.

## License

- These dotfiles are licensed under the [MIT License.](https://github.com/jawrainey/dotfiles/blob/master/LICENSE.txt)

Commit message:

Add gitgutter to bundles & update README

README.md, after:

# Dotfiles

This repo contains my config files for git, vim and bash, which I continue to built up over the years.

## Installation

    git clone http://github.com/jawrainey/dotfiles.git ~/dotfiles
    cd ~/dotfiles && ./install.sh

## Vim plugins

I try to use built-in features instead of plugins (i.e. netrw > nerdtree). The plugins that I do use are:

- [YouCompleteMe](https://github.com/Valloric/YouCompleteMe/): code-completion as you type.
- [Syntastic](https://github.com/scrooloose/syntastic): syntax checker.
- [ctrlp](http://kien.github.com/ctrlp.vim/): easily find files anywhere!
- [vim-fugitive](https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive): git integration within vim.
- [vim-bufferline](https://github.com/bling/vim-bufferline): shows buffers on statusline.
- [vim-airplane](https://github.com/bling/vim-airline): more info on the statusline.
- [vim-virtualenv](https://github.com/jmcantrell/vim-virtualenv): better virtualenv support than `python-mode`.
- [python-mode](https://github.com/klen/python-mode): makes Python development a breeze.
- [vim-json](https://github.com/elzr/vim-json): better `JSON` highlighting and folding.
- [vim-gitgutter](https://github.com/airblade/vim-gitgutter): display diff symbol (+,-,~) in the gutter column.
- [Solarized color-scheme](https://github.com/altercation/vim-colors-solarized): beautiful light & dark themes.

## License

- These dotfiles are licensed under the [MIT License.](https://github.com/jawrainey/dotfiles/blob/master/LICENSE.txt)
